
                        --=The Book of Etiquette=--

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
|  Chronicled in these pages are detailed instructions on how to conduct |
|   oneself in front of those of noble status.  Pay close attention to   |
|    what is written and try to conduct oneself in a proper fashion.     |
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              ***************
                              * Chapter One *
                              ***************

When before royalty, whether it is a king, queen, prince, or princess, it
is customary to bow before them.  That is customary for males.  For
females, it is more proper to curtsy.  This shows them that you recognize
and respect the power that they hold.  They in turn will show you the
respect you deserve in turn.

                              ***************
                              * Chapter Two *
                              ***************

Faith is also important as well.  Though, not truly part of etiquette, it
still entails to be a part of this writing.  No matter who you follow,
whether it be Alith the white goat or Zeth the dark black goat, you must
follow them faithfully.  That is all that is to be said about religion.

                             *****************
                             * Chapter Three *
                             *****************

You will probably play a part in welcoming foreign ambassadors from time
to time, especially in service to Prince Ragnar or Prince Rutger.  The
best thing to do is to let the Prince welcome the ambassador first while
you are introduced there after.  When you are introduced, you want to
give their hand a firm grip with a hearty shake whether you are a man or
a woman.  In the old days, it was proper to bow to them.  But, like the
times, things change as did practice.

                              ****************
                              * Chapter Four *
                              ****************

As for others of high status, such as nobles, you would do what you would
do to a royal.  For the men, bow, and for the women, curtsy.  The one
important thing you want to remember not to do is highfive them.  They may
not have the status of prince or king, but they are still nobles and
considered to be of an elite status.

                              ****************
                              * Chapter Five *
                              ****************

This chapter is a wrap up of the other chapters.  Take with you what you
will from these pages.  These words show the proper way to conduct yourself
in the ways of the world as it once was and it is now.  Though you may not
live to see the next day, at least be courteous in your travels and give
respect where respect is deserved.
